Starts the flight recorder for the current directory. UNF respects .gitignore
by default and does not record the files it excludes.

Examples:
  unf watch                          Start watching the current directory
  unf watch --force-watch-gitignore  Also record gitignored files and dotfiles
  unf watch --unignore-dir target    Also record the target directory

--force-watch-gitignore:
  UNF records the files that .gitignore excludes. It also records hidden
  dotfiles. The setting stays on for this project until you turn it off.
  Run `unf watch` with no flag to turn it off.

  Warning: secrets in ignored files go into the recording. Files like
  .env.local and credential files are recorded. Use this flag with care
  on projects that hold secrets.

Excluded directories:
  UNF skips these directories in every project:
    .git  node_modules  target  .next  __pycache__  .venv  venv  .tox
    dist  build

  These directories hold dependencies and build output. They are large.
  They change on every build. UNF skips them to keep the recording small
  and to keep `unf log` readable. UNF also skips binary files everywhere.

  `unf watch` names the excluded directories that it finds in your project.
  It looks at the top level of the project only. A nested directory, such
  as packages/web/node_modules, is skipped but not named.

--unignore-dir NAME:
  Records one excluded directory in this project. Repeat the flag to add
  more than one directory:
    unf watch --unignore-dir dist --unignore-dir build

  Valid names:
    node_modules  target  .next  __pycache__  .venv  venv  .tox  dist
    build

  UNF never records .git, and the flag refuses that name. UNF would copy
  git's object store while git rewrites it. A restore could then damage
  the repository. Git already records your history.

  The setting stays on for this project until you turn it off. Run
  `unf watch` with no flag to turn it off.

  Cost: these directories are large and they change often. A Rust target
  directory holds gigabytes. UNF skips the compiled parts of it, such as
  .rlib and .o files. Thousands of small text files remain, and cargo
  rewrites them on every build. Each build then adds snapshots. Check the
  store size with `unf status`. Free space with `unf prune --older-than 7d`.

  The other rules still apply inside the directory. UNF skips binary
  files, and it obeys .gitignore unless you also turn that off.

Both flags together:
  Most projects also list these directories in .gitignore. Two rules then
  exclude the same directory. --unignore-dir lifts the first rule only.
  The .gitignore rule still applies, so UNF records nothing.

  This is the usual case for target in a Rust project. Use both flags:
    unf watch --unignore-dir target --force-watch-gitignore

  `unf watch` warns you when .gitignore also excludes a directory that you
  asked for. Read the warning: without the second flag, the directory
  stays unrecorded.
